Hi, my name is Dorsa and
I'm a security engineer.
What I love the
most about my job
is that I get to look at
different infrastructures
and system designs
on a daily basis.
One piece of advice for
individuals who are
starting out in their
cybersecurity profession,
it's very important to work
collaboratively in
Python and one of
the key aspects of
that is to listen
to the feedback that your
team members provide.
Python allows for
many different ways
of accessing different
information.
When you share Python code
snippets amongst
your team members,
it allows the code
to be more uniform
and the coding process
to be more efficient.
It makes the code
base a lot more
readable and it allows for
other engineers to work
on your code after you,
I've seen many examples of
when collaboratively
written Python code
has been helpful
in the industry.
One of the examples is
when at Google we wrote
a collaboratively written
code base which allowed
for an onboarding
process to be reduced
from six or seven hours
to a couple of minutes.
Collaboration was a key part
of this process because
otherwise it would have taken
many many years for one single
individual to write it.
One individual is not able to
understand every fine detail of
each system and if we
don't have multiple
engineers working on it,
they would have made this
process a lot more difficult.
Communication is very important
when you're working in
a team and especially
if you're developing
code in Python,
you need to express
whether you need help
throughout the process
because your team
members are there to
ensure that you are successful.
At the end of the
day, your success
means that your team
is also successful.
As you advance in your career
as someone who writes
code in Python,
you'll realize that
there are a lot of
functions and methods
that are just sticking
around on the
internet and you will
be able to find them
with a quick search
and those methods will
come in handy and you
will be able to reuse them
for your pieces of code.
A really good resource for you to
learn new skills and expand
your Python coding skills is to
talk to your colleagues,
attend meetups,
talk to different security
professionals who don't work at
your company because
everyone has
an insight on how to
make your coding skills,
especially in
cybersecurity better.